Search Queries
Case insensitive
- Website titles, urls
- Dates: snoozed on, woken up, months
- Relative dates: last week, yesterday, today, tomorrow, next week
- Snooze state: opened, deleted, snoozed, sleeping, history etc.
- 


What is Snoozz?
In short, Snoozz is a web extension (that you can install for Chrome and Firefox) that lets you declutter your tab browser. You can "snooze" tabs and windows, and select a time to wake them up later when you might actually want to use them.
Snoozz lets you remove tabs that you don't need now, but might need again tomorrow morning, or maybe on friday before you log off for the weekend. 



How will Snoozz benefit me?
Snoozz will help you organise your tabs and your time better, without you having to remember a huge list of tasks you still need to do.
Browsers with a lot of tabs open eat up your RAM very quickly, and while they are improving power management, it will not help you remove the number of tabs you have open.



How will Snoozz fit into my normal computer usage?
The beauty of this extension is that it is designed for everyone. From programmers with 50+ tabs open, to business analysts needing to prioritise their time, and even to older users who don't even know what web extensions are.
Here are some simple use cases where Snoozz could help you: 

1. You need to clock in and clock out of work everyday using a time management website. Open the website in the morning, clock in, and then snooze the tab till the Evening. At 6pm, the tab will open up back up automatically and you can clock out. Snooze the tab again to wake up tomorrow when you open up your browser for the first time. Rinse and repeat.
2. You're browsing Twitter looking for a tweet you saw yesterday. Scrolling down your timeline, you see Beiber eating a burrito sideways. Obviously you want to see whats up with that, but you don't have time right now. Right click the tweet and Snooze it to open on the weekend.
https://twitter.com/ryanbassil/status/1055483576970567685?s=20
3. You use the same laptop for work and home. You want to spend the whole weekend watching Netflix and researching didgeridoos on Wikipedia, not see the 20+ tabs of work tabs you have open because you need them for later. Snooze your browser window on Friday when you're done with work, and it will open for you automatically on Monday morning when you get back to the grind



What makes Snoozz better than all the other "snooze tabs" extensions I can find?
Let's be honest. This isn't some super unique idea that didn't exist before 2020. What makes Snoozz stand out is the execution.
Speed - Lightning quick - Snooze tabs in just two clicks. I want you to spend as little time as possible with the Snoozz popup open.
Size - Completely open-source and extremely lightweight - just under 125KB
Privacy - Doesn't track any of your data at all.
Input Methods - Keyboard Shortcuts and Right Click menus to snooze tabs even faster.
Active Development - Most of the other snooze extensions have been abandoned and don't support the latest and fastest browser APIs.
Dark Mode - Yes I'm highlighting this because no other snooze extension has this.
Search - Your Snoozz history is saved offline. You can search through it, snooze tabs again, edit snooze times and see tabs waking up soon.
Accessibility - Almost all Snozz features are usable using just your keyboard. Support for screen readers soon.
Settings - Tons of knobs and switches to fine tune the extension to the way you want it to be.



How can I install Snoozz on my device?
If you're using a  laptop / desktop / tablet that can run full desktop version of Chrome, Firefox, Edge (and Safari kinda). Snoozz is not available on any mobile devices unfortunately (including iPads).



How do I update Snoozz to the latest version?
If you installed Snoozz through the Chrome Web Store or the Mozilla Add-on Store, Snoozz will update automatically when a new version is released.
If you installed Snoozz manually, you can download the latest release from Github and install it in your browser.
https://github.com/rohanb10/snoozz-tab-snoozing/releases/latest/



I want to switch from X Extension to Snoozz. Can my data be transferred?
Please let me know which extension you are using and I will see if it is possible to import data from that extension into Snoozz.
Snoozz supports importing and exporting of data, but it is limited at the moment.



Is my data safe with Snoozz?
Snoozz doesnt collect any data or user behaviour or anything like that. Your data belongs to you. I don't even know what I could do with your data if I had it. The extension works completely offline and you cant take data from something that isnt connected to the internet. Feel free to ready more about Snoozz's privacy or browse through the source code yourself to see what kinds of stuff I'm not collecting.



How can I request a new feature?
Before you ask - I am already working on recurring snooze times, and using snoozz across multiple devices.
Snoozz is in active development and I'm constantly adding new bells and whistles. You can view the features/bugs being worked here on Github, and request a new feature there too. If you don't want to create a github account, just email me directly. 
This is a side project so I can't dedicate a ton of time outside of my day job, but I'm happy to build things out for niche use cases.



How do I report issues I am facing with Snoozz?
You can submit a bug report on Github, or if you don't have an account you can email me directly. It would be very helpful if you could include system details like OS (Windows/Mac), browser + version, and any screenshots too.




Where did you get your icons?
They were all designed by much more talented artists than me. I just opened Photoshop and changed the colours to what I wanted them to be. You can view the names of all the artists on the Attribution page.



Is Snoozz available for other browsers like Safari?
I like Safari a lot, but Apple are crippling it by refusing to support basic WebExtension APIs like Notifications and ContextMenus.
Snoozz is a free open source web extension. Unless someone is willing to pay an annual $100 Developer fee to Apple for me, I will not be able to publish Snoozz in the App Store. Dont understand why I need to bundle my 125kb extension into an MacOS app through Xcode and publish it to make it available to all users, when I can just drag and drop a zip file in other browsers like Chrome and Firefox to do the same thing.
If you know what you're doing, you can install Snoozz as an unsigned extension for Safari, but I cannot guarantee that all the features will work. Also it will be removed every time you close Safari. Nothing I can do about it.



How does Search work in the Nap Room